LHL Node Skeleton
=========

## Project Setup

The following steps are only for _one_ of the group members to perform.

1. Create your own copy of this repo using the `Use This Template` button, ideally using the name of your project. The repo should be marked Public
2. Verify that the skeleton code now shows up in your repo on GitHub, you should be automatically redirected
3. Clone your copy of the repo to your dev machine
4. Add your team members as collaborators to the project so that they can push to this repo
5. Let your team members know the repo URL so that they use the same repo (they should _not_ create a copy/fork of this repo since that will add additional workflow complexity to the project)


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.


## Dependencies

Install all dependencies : npm install

- "body-parser": "^1.19.0",
- "chalk": "^2.4.2",
- "cookie-session": "^1.4.0",
- "dotenv": "^2.0.0",
- "ejs": "^2.7.4",
- "express": "^4.17.1",
- "morgan": "^1.9.1",
- "node-sass-middleware": "^0.11.0",
- "nodemailer": "^6.5.0",
- "pg": "^6.4.2",
- "pg-native": "^3.0.0"

Run the development web serve : npm start

### Functionality of the Web Site 

This is a Buy/Sell Listing Website.
An app where you can put different types of shoes up for sale. This lets buyers find the items they are looking for quickly, and easily contact sellers.


Run Shoe App on your browser: `http://localhost:8080/

Users Can:

- users can see featured items on a main feed
- users can filter items by price,
- users can favourite items to check up on them later, and access a favourites page
- users can send email to the admin that is listing the item

Admins can:

- add/post items, which can be seen by others.
- remove/delete items from the site
- mark items as SOLD!
- send an email back to the buyer 

Others:

- Error page if user doesn't exist and try to login
- Only users can login. If admin, the admin had access to everything, if not an admin, no access to "add Product"
- Once admin logged in it's showing login as : exemple@exemple.com
- Once an item is posted, an alert confirming that the product had been posted is showing up
- If user is not an admin, they will not be able to access the admin or add product pages (Unauthorized message will appear)


